# NexusModsApiInterface
An interface utilizing the NexusMods website API.

## Prep-work (DO NOT SKIP THIS)

### Step 0: Install Python

If you haven't already, install python and its required libraries.

You can get python for your OS here: https://www.python.org/downloads/

### Step 1: Install required dependencies

The interface uses the Python Requests module as a dependency:

```python -m pip install requests```

This is used to service requests to the API.

### Step 2: Generate your API Token

To utilize the Nexus Mods API, you need an API token. This is an access key that is unique to your account.

You can generate your token by logging into the Nexus Mods website and then navigating to: https://www.nexusmods.com/users/myaccount?tab=api%20access

Copy the token to your clipboard or save it in a private text file somewhere for your use.

**DO NOT SHARE THIS TOKEN WITH ANYONE!** This script does not save your token anywhere for security reasons. You must enter it again when prompted each time you run the script.

### Step 3 (optional): Relocate any existing mod lists as necessary

If you are using the script to update an existing mod list, then you will need to move it back to the root of the ```ModLists``` directory before running the script.

New/Updated mod lists that are generated by the script will always be saved to the ```ModLists/Results``` directory.

## Running the script

To run the script, navigate to the root directory of the repo, ```NexusModsApiInterface/``` (this will be at the same level that the ```ModLists/``` and ```src/``` folders are located). Open up a command prompt terminal in this folder. On Windows, this can be achieved easily by typing ```cmd``` in the file address bar at the top of your file explorer.

Initiating the script is then as simple as running the following command: ```python src/ModListManager.py```. The script will run in the terminal and prompt you as necessary to proceed.